
------------6E80C51A05136E82
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-2
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

Hi, how are you? Likely, you will be now surprised. I long thought
before writing you the letter. This morning, I have received love the
Internet dispatch, from the unknown person to me the addressee. In the
given letter, it was spoken about love relations between people. In
the list e-mail addressees, I have seen your address. I long thought
before writing to you. I think, what you as search for serious
relations? I consider, that the given chance for me unique, therefore
I have decided to write to you. I wish to find the present love! I
would like to begin our acquaintance, with the small story about me.
My name is Asya. Friends me name simply Asya. To me of 28 years. I the
quiet, young, purposeful girl. Friends say to me, that I cheerful. I
love dialogue. I consider, that dialogue very important component in
our life. I, as well as all women of our country, like to cook food,
to go in for sports. I conduct a healthy way of life. I do not smoke
and I do not take alcohol. I have work which very strongly I love. But
I do not have not enough love. I am assured, that on our planet, there
is a person who can present to me happiness and love! On the Internet
I more recently. I have no wide experience in the Internet
acquaintances. I have seen transfer on the TV, about love in the
Internet and have decided to find the happiness. I consider, that it
is real. I search for the real man who will love, and to respect me. I
consider, that this main thing in relations. I wish to get acquainted
with you more close, by means of e-mail. It will be for us easier
variant. 

I give you mine e-mail the address:  arsyilyan@yahoo.co.uk

You can write to me. I with pleasure will answer you. Certainly, I
will send to you many the photos and I hope, that they will like you.
I with impatience will wait your letter to me, with more detailed
story about you. I am assured, that we become good friends and we can
love each other. Yours faithfully, Your new girlfriend, Asya.
